Meeting Title: AI logic system for healthcare and stem cell applications — storage and enterprise backing
Date: Aug 10
Meeting participants: king agbidi

Transcript:
Me: Do you understand, you know, looking for drugs, play groundbreaking drugs that they will put you to the market? Do you understand? You know how medical sector now is big on stem cells. Yeah. Do you understand? We can ask themselves and all that. Imagine if you give our logic to. We give the logic to the. To those companies systems and through operations. Oh, my gosh. For healthcare will just expand. Yes. Now, don't you know that big time? Big time. You understand? So don't. Don't overly make it too complex. I already did. I already. I already got the whole complexity in the back end. I solved the. Okay, I saw the. I called. I solved the continual build. It's a continual build. Yeah. So that's why I mean, I solved that continuously. So right now it's building it in my local engine right now that's going to build me a back end for front-end test based on the data I gave it. So I just said. I just said, okay, now that you understand me fully, I just. I just said the prompt in my. In my own terms. And after I said it, I then explained it mathematically. I want to be explained biblically and then to understand it biblically. We have the right sources. So I gave it the sources. This is why I'm ahead of most people. I know the actual source to find Jesus Christ. But most people do it. They listen to fake gods and everything, and they make that their God. Whereas I actually, like, put the church. Jesus Christ said he's going to leave this church here and it's going to last. And the church has been destined to start of time. And towards the end, there's going to be no more churches, unfortunately. But the church isn't there. So then I said, okay, my own Orthodox church. I said, based off, factually speaking of what we know of the church, of the ancient teachings that's consistent with gods and with the Bible and to put it to that loop function, then that would be like that. That's my system prompt, essentially. Then I have that for the long term goal. Then I put for clients for those people. So I made it very. So I dumbed it and then cover clients that I actually put it another factor in for customers. But then it's telling me now that it needs more data. So right now it's doing it. That actually might be enough data to give it to consumers online. There may be enough, but obviously we want economic back on first. So we're not even going to put it in the public until we have enough Enterprise backing because we're Enterprise back in. We can get economic backing. And our healthcare and the education system is what's going to make us basically help. We're also going to have enough money to buy the land back and then boom, without comment, the economy with this and then we, this could be done by next year. Oh, my gosh. Five years time, I'm going to give us a good time because I want to give us five years to do this, wherever you are, because the system now the brain is just, is active and there's robots just working on my computer as we speak. And the only thing that's stopping us right now is storage. Because obviously I already have, there's so much information out on the internet and already. So I don't know how much store. If I had, you said to yourself, if there was storage, it's game over. So obviously beat the, our priority right now is storage cost. So the more storage we have, the more data we can get and the better we can process information. Yeah. I just wanted to call it to get that question. I'll let you go now. So this engine, I want to, when it's finished building right now, and I'm happy with it, and then I have the contract sorted out. I'm going to have a presentation call. Then I'll let you guys know if his win is done or not. So I call you again and I'll update you again. Okay. Okay. All right. Take care. Bye bye. I should also mention as well that I want the authors to be a family business. So I want to know from the first year is going to be me, my uncle, as probably mentioned. And for my shares, I'm going to divert my shares evenly amongst my family. So we're all making money. And there's going to be shares towards the church. And I think uncle have for his business. And, yeah, that's how they should be shared. Honestly. Everything the contact should be airproof and tight as well from every league angle possible that values that basically the ex, the system pumps will always favor the systems X, which is. So our value is the system is going to be much, is going to ultimately help their value more, if that makes sense. I know the value. I think you can put on a trend and the math mathematically explaining. I'm sure you can and explain it to me. Would you want me to use the clano idea and build a front end of what you're giving me or I shouldn't put all and just show you from my own brain? But for I would like to use the you gave me. How long did it take you to beauty front and because I'm supposed to go for the meeting. Honestly, it's so complex, you know, so I don't know what my. I feel like my system has enough knowledge to just do it, but, like, I don't know how long it's going to take him, but he would definitely have it done by today, but I can give you an exact time. Until I come to just guessing chance for things that we don't need. Take your time, though. But the back end is. Is fine. I think, like, if you. I wanted to actually finish the back end at least, and then I would have given you your key to the. To the logos engine. And then I wanted. I wanted you to try out the key and a sandbox yourself. So I would have just made a demo for you to try. I want to hit. I would have made you on my. I would have give you a demo to try out on my own. Appreciate moment. You're being fair, bro. You're being fair, bro. That's just. That's why you're. That's what you're meant to lead, you know? You know, that's what you're leading because you're fair. I can't wait to see you in person. That's why I can kiss you when I see you in person. I have too much information to give you right now. It's like I can't say over the phone online. Enter jar it out for you and write it out. I can't say it's too. It's too. It's too hard to actually, even to my uncle right now. I think I was surpassing. No, I was not surpassing him, but essentially he was like, wow. Like, essentially, and I want you to have that information as well. It's fresh written in it. Yours is the experience, but you have the raw talent on juice in it. Yeah. So I thought he said he's happy with you today. He said he's happy with you. So theosis, he said he's. He's happy with, like, with you. I thought he took my word of mouth for it, and I was like, I guess with you as well, you should meet him, I guess. But from my own word of my bro, trust me, like, you can learn a lot from him as well because he's so wise. He has his own. He has his own storage. Like an SD card for his own, for his own code. And I asked him, do you want me to build you a coordinator? And he said, no, he doesn't trust. He said he's too. He's too over because he has a guy to be over. Even me right now. Like, I will say to you, be careful with prompting in chat GPT, bro. That's why I need you to give me my llm so I can start prompting my own. Yeah. Holding back. Like I'm holding back. Yeah. You have to hold back because the data. So you're doing everything very, very manually. I see what you're doing for data and all that, but, yeah, I'm gonna have it done now. But just for that done, for. For basically what I have planned is so I'll pattern theosis and then logos will be your product. And then you guys will basically then basically share equal exchange for logos and for a bit of clan, basically for equal exchange. But then I guess this is the part I want you to join koses as well. We said to this already after, like, yeah, it's done. That's kind of like I want to. I wanna. You know sometimes. Yeah, I overthink and I confuse myself. Yeah. That's why I like this robot. It helps me. It helps me not overthink and not being moved to the next question. That's why I like the printer for him. Yeah. Printer. No, no, you know, you know. King. I just got to do a few. Go on, go on, go, go, go back in a minute. I'm even. What'd you say? Why would you be able to present to the. Honestly, I can. I want to have it. I want. I'm doing the UI right now, bro, but the back end is done. I'm doing the UI, but I'm doing the UI based. I want. I'm building a sandbox based off your information. Can we test the back end of the UI? The thing is. Yeah. So. For testing the back end, right, it's a local model, bro. So I have to. You test it. I have to test it because it's a local model. I just want you to do your thing in it. Yeah, that's it. I want to try it works. And we're like, can you do that now? Right now, let me see one second. I'll just take your time in, like, 20, 30 minutes. I'm even. I have to go. I have to go to occupational therapy meeting. So we have to be at, like, six o'clock, seven o'clock, bro. I don't know if that's too late. No, no, six o'clock, seven o'clock. I'll update you anyway. 